it's great party
oh we're so happy we have some more
chicory or a knife to cook so this is
what I'm gonna do
I've already cleaned it and cut it in
half I'm gonna squeeze some lemon on it
and get it going in the frying pan right
the first thing you do for the frying
pan is put in some olive oil and a
little bit of butter
itty-bitty butter unsalted and melt it
then lay out the chicory carefully with
the leaf open side down and get it to
cook long enough so it will braise ah
really good what's what's funny about
this is we had it I cooked some
yesterday and then I'm cooking this and
then actually the neighbor invited us to
dinner the next day and she had the same
vegetable for dinner for us there so
three days in a row how could you
believe that well and turn them over
until they're browned on every side just
perfect what's that yeah they start
splitting open a little bit but that's
okay just got to get them to cook or you
can eat them raw like some people do but
I like them cooked and I'm gonna boil
them for a while and get them nice and
tender
there they go and I put some sugar on
them because this is a bit bitter for me
so sugar mm-hmm put the lid on and cook
it for a while maybe ten minutes then I
take the lid off and let it cook down
until the water evaporates and it tastes
just the right texture to be nice and
mushy to have with your main course yeah
I put
more water in there - yes let's play
with them see if they float they do well
some of them do I'm gonna cover them
again okay now are they cooked enough
for you okay that's about ten minutes
now so going really good isn't it
looking great what can you say YUM great
on the plate please subscribe if you
haven't yet if you enjoy lovely videos
like chicory cooking